README.md, before:

# Holyjaaj : Vanilla+ modpack

## Client-side
Download the latest version of the modpack via [Technic Launcher](https://www.technicpack.net/modpack/holyjaaj.1931807).

## Server side
Download the latest version of the server files [here](https://github.com/Captn138/holyjaaj-vanillaplus-modpack-server/releases/latest/download/server.zip).
Then run the `start.sh` to install and run the server.

## Mods list
> -c is for client, -s if for server, -cs is for both
**__List of all the mods (132) :__** 
- [Ambient Sounds 5](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ambientsounds) -c
- [Amecs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/amecs) -c
- [Anti Ghost](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/antighost) -c
- [Anti Xray](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/antixray) -s
- [Appleskin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin) -cs
- [Archer's Arsenal](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/archarsenal) -cs
- [Architectury](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api) -cs
- [Bad Packets](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/badpackets) -cs
- [Balm](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm-fabric) -cs
- [Better Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements) -c
- [Better Animations Collection](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-animations-collection) -c
- [Better F3](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterf3) -c
- [Better Ping Display](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-ping-display-fabric) -c
- [Better Statistics Screen](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-stats) -cs
- [Better Trim Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-trim-tooltips) -c
- [Bow Infinity Fix](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bow-infinity-fix) -cs
- [Bridging Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bridging-mod) -c
- [Cardinal Components](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cardinal-components) -c
- [Charm of Undying](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/charm-of-undying) -cs
- [Chat Heads](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/chat-heads) -c
- [Clean Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clean-tooltips) -c
- [Cloth Config](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) -cs
- [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps) -cs
- [Collective](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/collective) -cs
- [Continuity](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/continuity) -c
- [Controlling](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/controlling) -c
- [Corgi Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/corgilib) -cs
- [CoroUtil](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/coroutil) -cs
- [Crafting Tweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafting-tweaks-fabric) -cs
- [Creative Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/creativecore) -cs
- [Cupboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cupboard) -cs
- [Dark Loading Screen](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dark-loading-screen) -c
- [Death Backup](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/death-backup) -s
- [Dynamic FPS](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-fps) -c
- [Dynamic View](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-view-fabric) -s
- [Easier Villager Trading](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easiervillagertrading) -c
- [Easy Anvils](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-anvils) -cs
- [Easy Magic](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-magic) -cs
- [Elytra/Chestplate Swapper](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/elytra-chestplate-swapper) -c
- [Eldritch End](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eldritch-end) -cs
- [EMI](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/emi) -cs
- [Enderite Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enderite-mod-for-fabric) -cs
- [Enhanced Celestials](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enhanced-celestials-fabric) -cs
- [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api) -cs
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-language-kotlin) -cs
- [Falling Tree](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/falling-tree) -cs
- [Farsight](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/farsight-fabric) -c
- [Fast IP Ping](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-ip-ping) -c
- [Ferrite Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ferritecore-fabric) -cs
- [Forge Config API Port](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/forge-config-api-port-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Backups 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-backups-2) -s
- [FTB Chunks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-chunks-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Library](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-library-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Teams](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-teams-fabric) -cs
- [Game Menu Remove GFARB](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/game-menu-remove-gfarb) -c
- [Gilded Armor](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gildedarmor) -cs
- [Iceberg](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iceberg-fabric) -c
- [Indium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/indium) -c
- [Infinity With Mending](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/infinity-with-mending) -cs
- [Inventory HUD +](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-hud-forge) -c
- [Inventory Sorting](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorting) -cs
- [Iris Shaders](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/irisshaders) -c(s)
- [Item Obliterator](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/item-obliterator) -cs
- [Jade](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade) -cs
- [Jamlib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jamlib) -cs
- [JEI](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei) -cs
- [JobsAddon](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jobsaddon) -cs
- [Journey Map](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap) -cs
- [Journey Map Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap-integration) -cs
- [Krypton](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/krypton) -cs
- [Labelling Containers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/labelling-containers) -cs
- [Ledger](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ledger) -s
- [Ledger Databases](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ledger-databases) -s
- [Legendary Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/legendary-tooltips-fabric) -c
- [LevelZ](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/levelz) -cs
- [Light Overlay](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/light-overlay) -c
- [Lithium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lithium) -cs
- [Login Protection](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/login-protection) -s
- [Macaw's Bridges](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges) -cs
- [Macaw's Doors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-doors) -cs
- [Macaw's Trapdoors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-trapdoors) -cs
- [Mc2Discord](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mc2discord) -s
- [Mindful Darkness](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mindful-darkness) -c
- [Mob Plaques](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mob-plaques) -c
- [Mod Menu](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu) -c
- [Moog's End Structures](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moogs-end-structures) -cs
- [Moonlight Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/selene) -cs
- [More Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/more-advancements-mod-fabric) -cs
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks) -c
- [Nameplate](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nameplate) -cs
- [Nicer Skies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nicer-skies) -c
- [No Chat reports](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/no-chat-reports) -cs
- [No Resource Pack Warnings](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/no-resource-pack-warnings) -c
- [Not Enough Animations](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/not-enough-animations) -c
- [OpenBlocks Elevators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/openblocks-elevator-fabric) -cs
- [OwO Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/owo-lib) -cs
- [Pick Up Notifier](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pick-up-notifier) -cs
- [Ping Wheel](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ping-wheel) -cs
- [Polylib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/polylib) -cs
- [Presence Footsteps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/presence-footsteps) -c
- [Prism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/prism-fabric) -c
- [Puzzles Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/puzzles-lib) -cs
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/reeses-sodium-options) -c
- [Resource Pack Overrides](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/resource-pack-overrides) -c
- [Right Click Harvest](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rightclickharvest) -cs
- [RPG Difficulty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rpgdifficulty) -cs
- [Searchables](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/searchables) -c
- [Show Me What You Got](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/show-me-what-you-got) -cs
- [Sleeping Overhaul 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sleeping-overhaul-2) -cs
- [Smooth Chunks Save](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/smooth-chunk-save) -s
- [Sodium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sodium) -cs
- [Sodium Extra](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sodium-extra) -c
- [Sound Physics Remastered](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sound-physics-remastered) -cs
- [Spark](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/spark) -s
- [Stack Refill](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stack-refill) -c
- [TCD Commons API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tcdcommons) -cs
- [Tiny Coal](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tiny-coal) -cs
- [Tiny Skeletons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tiny-skeletons-forge) -cs
- [Too Fast](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/too-fast) -s
- [Trash Slot](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trashslot-fabric-edition) -cs
- [Traveler's Backpack](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/travelers-backpack-fabric) -cs
- [Trinkets](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trinkets) -cs
- [Vanity Slots](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanityslots) -cs
- [What Are They Up To](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/what-are-they-up-to) -cs
- [Villager Names](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/villager-names) -cs
- [Visual Workbench](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/visual-workbench) -cs
- [Voice Chat Interactions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/voice-chat-interaction) -cs
- [Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat) -cs
- [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones) -cs
- [Wavey Capes](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waveycapes) -c
- [Yet Another Config Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yacl) -cs
- [Zoomify](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/zoomify) -c

**__List of all the resourcepacks :__**
- Fancy Boss Bars

**__List of all the shaderpacks:__**
- Complementary Reimagined

**__List of all the datapacks:__**
- World Pregen
- Holyjaaj Addons (based "Name Tag Recipe", "Holycube 6 Recipes", and more)

Commit message:

updated a bunch of mods, added libz azurelib and necronomicon api, bumped fabric versions

README.md, after:

# Holyjaaj : Vanilla+ modpack

## Client-side
Download the latest version of the modpack via [Technic Launcher](https://www.technicpack.net/modpack/holyjaaj.1931807).

## Server side
Download the latest version of the server files [here](https://github.com/Captn138/holyjaaj-vanillaplus-modpack-server/releases/latest/download/server.zip).
Then run the `start.sh` to install and run the server.

## Mods list
> -c is for client, -s if for server, -cs is for both
**__List of all the mods (135) :__** 
- [Ambient Sounds 5](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ambientsounds) -c
- [Amecs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/amecs) -c
- [Anti Ghost](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/antighost) -c
- [Anti Xray](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/antixray) -s
- [Appleskin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin) -cs
- [Archer's Arsenal](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/archarsenal) -cs
- [Architectury](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api) -cs
- [AzureLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/azurelib) -cs
- [Bad Packets](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/badpackets) -cs
- [Balm](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm-fabric) -cs
- [Better Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements) -c
- [Better Animations Collection](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-animations-collection) -c
- [Better F3](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterf3) -c
- [Better Ping Display](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-ping-display-fabric) -c
- [Better Statistics Screen](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-stats) -cs
- [Better Trim Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-trim-tooltips) -c
- [Bow Infinity Fix](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bow-infinity-fix) -cs
- [Bridging Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bridging-mod) -c
- [Cardinal Components](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cardinal-components) -c
- [Charm of Undying](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/charm-of-undying) -cs
- [Chat Heads](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/chat-heads) -c
- [Clean Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clean-tooltips) -c
- [Cloth Config](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) -cs
- [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps) -cs
- [Collective](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/collective) -cs
- [Continuity](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/continuity) -c
- [Controlling](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/controlling) -c
- [Corgi Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/corgilib) -cs
- [CoroUtil](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/coroutil) -cs
- [Crafting Tweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafting-tweaks-fabric) -cs
- [Creative Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/creativecore) -cs
- [Cupboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cupboard) -cs
- [Dark Loading Screen](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dark-loading-screen) -c
- [Death Backup](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/death-backup) -s
- [Dynamic FPS](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-fps) -c
- [Dynamic View](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-view-fabric) -s
- [Easier Villager Trading](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easiervillagertrading) -c
- [Easy Anvils](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-anvils) -cs
- [Easy Magic](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-magic) -cs
- [Elytra/Chestplate Swapper](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/elytra-chestplate-swapper) -c
- [Eldritch End](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eldritch-end) -cs
- [EMI](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/emi) -cs
- [Enderite Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enderite-mod-for-fabric) -cs
- [Enhanced Celestials](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enhanced-celestials-fabric) -cs
- [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api) -cs
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-language-kotlin) -cs
- [Falling Tree](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/falling-tree) -cs
- [Farsight](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/farsight-fabric) -c
- [Fast IP Ping](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-ip-ping) -c
- [Ferrite Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ferritecore-fabric) -cs
- [Forge Config API Port](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/forge-config-api-port-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Backups 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-backups-2) -s
- [FTB Chunks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-chunks-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Library](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-library-fabric) -cs
- [FTB Teams](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-teams-fabric) -cs
- [Game Menu Remove GFARB](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/game-menu-remove-gfarb) -c
- [Gilded Armor](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gildedarmor) -cs
- [Iceberg](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iceberg-fabric) -c
- [Indium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/indium) -c
- [Infinity With Mending](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/infinity-with-mending) -cs
- [Inventory HUD +](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-hud-forge) -c
- [Inventory Sorting](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorting) -cs
- [Iris Shaders](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/irisshaders) -c(s)
- [Item Obliterator](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/item-obliterator) -cs
- [Jade](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade) -cs
- [Jamlib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jamlib) -cs
- [JEI](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei) -cs
- [JobsAddon](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jobsaddon) -cs
- [Journey Map](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap) -cs
- [Journey Map Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap-integration) -cs
- [Krypton](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/krypton) -cs
- [Labelling Containers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/labelling-containers) -cs
- [Ledger](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ledger) -s
- [Ledger Databases](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ledger-databases) -s
- [Legendary Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/legendary-tooltips-fabric) -c
- [LevelZ](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/levelz) -cs
- [LibZ](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/libz) -cs
- [Light Overlay](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/light-overlay) -c
- [Lithium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lithium) -cs
- [Login Protection](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/login-protection) -s
- [Macaw's Bridges](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges) -cs
- [Macaw's Doors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-doors) -cs
- [Macaw's Trapdoors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-trapdoors) -cs
- [Mc2Discord](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mc2discord) -s
- [Mindful Darkness](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mindful-darkness) -c
- [Mob Plaques](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mob-plaques) -c
- [Mod Menu](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu) -c
- [Moog's End Structures](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moogs-end-structures) -cs
- [Moonlight Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/selene) -cs
- [More Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/more-advancements-mod-fabric) -cs
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks) -c
- [Nameplate](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nameplate) -cs
- [Necronomicon API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/necronomicon) -cs
- [Nicer Skies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nicer-skies) -c
- [No Chat reports](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/no-chat-reports) -cs
- [No Resource Pack Warnings](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/no-resource-pack-warnings) -c
- [Not Enough Animations](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/not-enough-animations) -c
- [OpenBlocks Elevators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/openblocks-elevator-fabric) -cs
- [OwO Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/owo-lib) -cs
- [Pick Up Notifier](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pick-up-notifier) -cs
- [Ping Wheel](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ping-wheel) -cs
- [Polylib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/polylib) -cs
- [Presence Footsteps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/presence-footsteps) -c
- [Prism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/prism-fabric) -c
- [Puzzles Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/puzzles-lib) -cs
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/reeses-sodium-options) -c
- [Resource Pack Overrides](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/resource-pack-overrides) -c
- [Right Click Harvest](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rightclickharvest) -cs
- [RPG Difficulty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rpgdifficulty) -cs
- [Searchables](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/searchables) -c
- [Show Me What You Got](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/show-me-what-you-got) -cs
- [Sleeping Overhaul 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sleeping-overhaul-2) -cs
- [Smooth Chunks Save](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/smooth-chunk-save) -s
- [Sodium](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sodium) -cs
- [Sodium Extra](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sodium-extra) -c
- [Sound Physics Remastered](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sound-physics-remastered) -cs
- [Spark](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/spark) -s
- [Stack Refill](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stack-refill) -c
- [TCD Commons API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tcdcommons) -cs
- [Tiny Coal](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tiny-coal) -cs
- [Tiny Skeletons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tiny-skeletons-forge) -cs
- [Too Fast](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/too-fast) -s
- [Trash Slot](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trashslot-fabric-edition) -cs
- [Traveler's Backpack](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/travelers-backpack-fabric) -cs
- [Trinkets](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trinkets) -cs
- [Vanity Slots](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanityslots) -cs
- [What Are They Up To](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/what-are-they-up-to) -cs
- [Villager Names](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/villager-names) -cs
- [Visual Workbench](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/visual-workbench) -cs
- [Voice Chat Interactions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/voice-chat-interaction) -cs
- [Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat) -cs
- [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones) -cs
- [Wavey Capes](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waveycapes) -c
- [Yet Another Config Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yacl) -cs
- [Zoomify](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/zoomify) -c

**__List of all the resourcepacks :__**
- Fancy Boss Bars

**__List of all the shaderpacks:__**
- Complementary Reimagined

**__List of all the datapacks:__**
- World Pregen
- Holyjaaj Addons (based "Name Tag Recipe", "Holycube 6 Recipes", and more)
